net: samples: Use coap_client library (#13551)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/net/coap_client/README.rst

.. _coap_client_sample:

CoAP Client
###########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The CoAP Client sample demonstrates the communication between a public CoAP server and an nRF91 Series SiP or nRF70 Series SoC that acts as the CoAP client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CoAP Client sample demonstrates the communication between a public CoAP server and a CoAP client application that is running on a Nordic SoC that enables IP networking via cellular or Wi-Fi connectivity. Cellular connectivity is supported on nRF91 Series SiP, while Wi-Fi connectivity is supported on nRF52 or nRF53 Series SoCs hosting nRF70 Series Wi-Fi companion ICs.
```

Reviewer: @simensrostad since you're improving Docs, I took the liberty of improving the headline here, to make it more accurate for Wi-Fi at least. @richabp to review the wording :)

Author: @divipillai Could you address this comment when going over the docs?

Reviewer 2: My suggestion:
The CoAP Client sample demonstrates the communication between a public CoAP server and a CoAP client application that is running on a Nordic SoC that enables IP networking via cellular or Wi-Fi connectivity.
Cellular connectivity is supported on **the** nRF91 Series SiP, while Wi-Fi connectivity is supported on **the** nRF52 or nRF53 Series SoCs hosting **the** nRF70 Series Wi-Fi companion ICs.

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following Zephyr libraries:

* :ref:`net_if_interface`
* :ref:`net_mgmt_interface`
* :ref:`CoAP client <zephyr:coap_client_interface>`
* :ref:`CoAP <zephyr:coap_sock_interface>`

> * :ref:`Connection Manager <zephyr:conn_mgr_overview>`

Reviewer 3: Yeah, the Connection manager documentation was not present in the zephyr doc-set. After the current unmerge, the documentation is available. https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/zephyr/connectivity/networking/index.html. Rebase should fix this issue.

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following Zephyr libraries:

* :ref:`net_if_interface`
* :ref:`net_mgmt_interface`
* :ref:`CoAP client <zephyr:coap_client_interface>`
* :ref:`CoAP <zephyr:coap_sock_interface>`

> * :ref:`Connection manager <zephyr:conn_mgr_overview>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :ref:`Connection Manager <zephyr:conn_mgr_overview>`
```

Reviewer 2: Discussed offline, it can be taken care by @divipillai in another PR. Approving.
